This class is awesome. Well explained and easily understandable.
The class was outstanding   And professor was very good
Steeeeel
He is a great professor who makes the basic concepts clear and has an in depth understanding of the subject at hand.Provides with real time examples that makes learning easy.Makes the class interactive.The course material is extremely useful and better than text books.
Very good professor
Prof Vasudevamurthy is a dedicate in teaching. The class room material become very clear after the teaching. This class a good start if you like to work in the FPGA field.
Very hands on class, and professor is making sure the class concepts been understood by student. Text book is one of the best to use as reference anytime.
VasudevMurthy sir, is really  a very Knowledgable person. He tries to teach the subject more practically by give many examples for every topic .He will also give what type of interview questions they are asking about this subject.
very interesting class . liked it most  
Jagadeesh has a very thorough teaching approach. He wants to make sure everyone understands. He gets excited about the subject and challenges you to stick with him in every detail. Just wish I could continue taking his classes to higher levels.
Good professor, u can learn all algorithms very easily. 
just keep going the way you teach itis good.
i like the way of teaching dedication to complete giving knowledge of the topic live praticals are done using software and hardware
Prof. Jagadeesh is a very committed teacher who is very passionate about the subject. His assignments were a lot of fun work on. I enjoyed every single class.
He teaches the topic in very fun manner so that you won't feel bored in lecture and understand the topic easily
he ha very good knowldege on subjects
He is a knowledgeable professor

Outstanding
Really good and complete command over his subject.. on top of that always gives relate the concepts to the upcoming job requirements such as probable interview questions based on his past vast experience
its really useful class
This Prof is passionate about the subject and is happy to help any student who needs it. He always makes sure to make our goals clear and to connect the work we do in class with the real world and explain significance.
Very Good Professor.
Flexible, Motivates
Good teacher, funny as well good teacher if anyone is trying t o major in Computer Science. Really recommend him.
This Professor is very professional especially on the energy market issues.
mr vasudevamurthy jagadeesh was very  helpful in build up confidence 
If u want to learn hdl and fpga the best professor .the best .his materials are extraordinary
Teaches very good and easy to understand the class and very motivational
He is not an effective teacher. And he has a thing for comma rules
This class was very practicality and good experiment with Linux embedded system. we used an Open-source Linux. Homework projects were very exciting, sometimes it was hard but other student presented in the class so we fixed :)
The professor's ideology is completely different. The way he narrates and teaches us in the class is outstanding. His assignments are completely different from the other professors at NPU which could help students to work hard and get a good grade.
I would recommend Jagdeesh sirs class
he is good and helpful
good professor
I took the following class from this professor: Data structures and algorithms using C++ Apr 9 2011 to June 18 2011, UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA.  Dr. Vasudevamurthy's classes are challenging but very useful.  He has a great uderstanding of the subjects he teaches.  I have now taken two classes from this professor and I have enjoyed both.
Great knowledge about algorithms
Fantastic professor. Will go out of his way to answer questions we didn't get to yet. Very helpful and genuinely keeps the class interesting
He is very helpful and very clear in the class.he takes care of every one in the class.He covers all the topics very clearly.He clears the doubts very clearly.....
Talking to him helps a lot.
good professor recommended for everyone
He explains the concept in a easy method so that the student understands
Professor is very good at communication.  He is very helpful.  Teaching  very well. Provide both practical and theoretical knowledge. Very good at problem solving
Very Good Knowledge of the the subject.
worst professor i have ever seen in my entire life
Jag is an excellent lecturer; he has a clear and entertaining presentation style.  My only complaint is that we didn't have more than 1 break in a 3 hour lecture.  In addition to the lectures, the course content and notes he assembled were very good.  &quot;Digital design Using Verilog&quot;, Jan 22, 2011 to April 2, 2011, UCSC-Silicon Valley Extension.
professor teaches really good!He explains every problem step by step on board
Smart Proff. Very clear.
Fluent speaker, knowledgeable person, unbiased person. He thought us very valuable things which are actually important to get the job in my field.
The best professor in NPU. He is a very sucessful pro as well!He also published several textbooks.
prof. Jagadeesh Vasudevamurthy is awesome! Has an excellent style of teaching that allows the class to explore concepts. Definitely need to put in the effort to get the grade though - won't just hand them out. Highly recommend, especially for you freshmen taking CS501 next semester. He'll be wonderful at it! Very accessible through email.
Good teaching skills, very helpful, recommend this class to my friends.
one of the best professor
I tool Comprehensive C++ with him and I think if you have some knowledge of C++ this class can really help. He teaches some very tips and the class is not boring...I recommend him!
The content of teaching is very good and upto the mark .  To the world of technology  students required the knowledge of theorms and formulas it is so call as Algorithms.
He is one of my great instructor. His text book is  extremely clear. I think his handout materials are better than any textbook because they are much easier to understand and including many good examples. His teaching method is very practical.  I'd like to take another course with him, again.
gives good feedback
This course is very useful , Apart from that understanding concepts are little tricky. It requires more time to get good knowledge in this course .
He explains it clean and crystal clear
He is simply superb..
Professor Royce is very good with all things naval architecture.
really a good lecture easy to understand his every lecture clearly and if we not understand anything he will not hesitate and gives clear explanation i learned more topics from his lecture from basic thank u sir
good teaching expert ,advice in good information of students
he is good
The note on the board are identical to what should be on your paper; extremely clear and concise. truly an expert in his major. His classes are very interactive and engaging.
His teaching is unique from other class .... informative lecutures
I took "Data Structures and Algorithms Using C++" from Jagadeesh.  He absolutely loves to teach.  He is a hard teacher but, fair.  I consider him to be one of the best teachers I have ever had.  He knows the subject matter extremely well and is very enthusiastic about it.  I am hoping to get the honor of taking more classes from him in the future.
He is execellent professor. Way of teaching is execellent
He is a great professor, and his class should kept for the coming semesters also.
Good proffessor
He is a very good teacher and really knows his stuff. He's always making jokes and as a Webb alum, he knows what's going on.
Great instructor. His handout materials are extremely clear. I think his handout materials are better than any textbook because they are much easier to understand and including many good examples.I will take his FPGA course next semester.I also think his teaching method is very practical, gives student good concept about engineering field.
Experienced and knowledgeable person,makes learning easy and simple to understand.
Excellent professor .. Explains algorithms in easy way...
teaching was amazing Awesome
Motivate and flexiable
Very straight forward prof. Just be sure to thoroughly read the text that he assigns for the tests.
Very helpful professor...
Prof. Vasudevamurthy is a dedicated teacher who wants his students to really understand the matter. He will explain over and over again if you do not understand the subject. He goes through each line of code step-by-step helping the students to understand what each line of code really does. He knows his subject very well and is a great teacher.
Professor holds excellent programming skills. His teaching style with amazing program tracing methodology is truly excellent. I am very inspired by his teachings and have really enjoyed listening his sessions. He has always used real time examples and I believe those will be very useful in the work environment. 
He is one of the best professor s. He is very enthusiastic to teach student. Must attend his class. He has deep knowledge in Algorithm. You can learn all algorithms very easily with him.
Hennings claims to not be a teacher, but he's remarkably clear and effective at teaching concepts. Just be sure to answer in American numbers and never leave a shipmate behind- and always beware of angles in the third quadrant. Death to thousands!
Step by Step motivation, provide practical example, Flexible
Professor Royce presents his lectures in a clear and logical manner. He is very willing to take questions and explains his expectations clearly.
Tries to put on a tough show first day but is a really outgoing guy once he relaxes. He is a very good teacher and very helpful.
Good class, professor has high knowledge in the subject and the way of presenting lecture is also good,we can gain nice subject from the class.
Great teacher. Will explain over and over again if the student does not understand the topic. Will explain each line of code. Prof. Vasudevamurthy knows his subject very well and know how to impart the knowledge that he has acquired. 
Professor is very knowledgeable and experienced person. He gives his best efforts and sort out the doubts in a simple manner by giving live examples. I like his way of teaching, and we can find a good and useful material which is most worthy. He is one of best professors.
Excellent
he was outstanding lecturer.
Jag can make a very complicated concept very simple with his teaching style. After attending his class I was able write programs on verilog.would like to attend his class again.
Professor is awesome.He explains verilog too in FPGA design.Guys dont waste tym reading comments jus go and take this professor classes.
Good
best professor.
more than anything its the passion with which you explain every thing that made me spell bound. you really enhanced my ease of learning towards the subject,i wish i could get more of your lectures than this rushed and hectic schedules. 
He is very good in explaining the concept with easy examples and also training the students with lot of interview questions. Course name : CS501 P- Advanced Structured Programming and Algorithms Time : Sunday 9.15 am
Jagadeesh's depth of knowledge in the area of FPGA design is immense and he is a gifted and passionate teacher. He is capable of teaching novice to hardened industry professionals. His focus on building through strengthening of fundamentals is well received. I'd recommend him anyday for subjects he is an expert in.
GOW is great
The class provides a strong foundation for C++ and an industry-oriented mentality for coding any language. Jagadeesh is thoughtful in how he presents the material and very passionate in his approach. He encourages classroom participation and ensures no one is left behind. His assignments are difficult but are incredibly interesting and rewarding.
Highly Talented professor shares a good subject knowledge and shows how real time industry will be and tells many more things about java programming.
Amazing lectures and great stuff.
He is the finest professor and so far the best class I took He is very talented & passionate in spreading his valuable industrial experience knowledge to students. Delivers amazing lectures and prepare students to face real time interviews with confidence. Every lecture keeps me excited and drives me to learn more. Please don't miss his class
Mr. Jagadeesh vasudev murthy is a very good professor who teaches with practical knowledge..
He is one of the best professors I have come across in NPU. He will teach, keeping in mind how the questions will be asked in job interviews and how to answer them. He makes algorithms concepts very clear. Thank you very much sir for such a wonderful teaching.
He is the best professor and the best man that I've ever seen in the world.
This professor is the best professor I have ever had and I hope he continues teaching students for a very long time. He has an incredible gift to teach and be incredibly clear even through tough material.
C++Jag clearly knew the subject matter and really enjoyed communicating it with the class.  He would constantly stop and ask, "are you with me?"  If you had any questions he would answer them on the spot.  His lecture notes / textbook were very clear and I loved how he demonstrated the concepts in class.  His class was very difficult but rewarding.
The professor is very enthusiastic and passionate about programming and algorithms and it shows. He makes every attempt to ensure no one falls behind on the concepts but manages to cover a lot of material. He also encourages participation of the students in his class. The assignments are relevant and useful in reinforcing the concepts from class.
He is an excellent professor. He is extremely helpful. I highly recommend his class.
Good
Good teaching with a good knowledge in fpga.
He is unbearable. His advice is not always accurate and he contradicts himself.
His teching level is preety understanding . Easy method of teaching quality has to professor
This Professor is really good in teaching and explains very clearly until each student understand.
Wonderfully labelled, clear diagrams. So long as you take notes, it's very clear.
Professor is good in giving extra credits
He has a natural talent for teaching and a very deep knowledge of Digital Design and Verilog. High level of energy, and simple and lucid explanations of very difficult and advanced concepts. He also adds a lot of current industry information which is invaluable for anyone taking the class with a view towards a practical application anytime soon.
Friendly and understands students' problems in understanding concept.
Dr Qin, A berkley graduate is one of the best professors and mentors I have ever met. His style of teaching is so simple yet so intriguing. He holds the capability to generate the interest in any student and best of all without pushing the student too much.
Friendly& Good Lecture
Effective, Efficient, Experienced, Knowledge, organized; I learn more.
Practical course that includes additional C++ practical tricks mastering.
Excellent Prof with 25 + years of industry experience. He's my prof in fpga and i couldn't have asked for a better mentor at this point of my life. He teaches with the help of latest xilinx kit and the latest vivado design suite. I rate him as a top class prof with top notch knowledge in what he does.
We like his teaching!...He is very talented.
He is a great and humorous professor. He doesn't just teach professional knowledge, but also share experience. He motivates us. Highly recommend his class.
He gives awesome lecture. We feel like listening to him. He solves any task in an easier way.
Lectures are good and professor is very helpful and very patient in solving my  doubts and also helps for future decisions.
He is a well  experienced professor gives a good lectures to the students  and he explains the classes very detailed and with the minute points .I am very lucky  to  have  this professor for this course.
Design of algorithms Spring 2016: He is an Awesome professor. He has good and complete knowledge regarding data structures and algorithms. He'll make sure that everybody understands the concepts and algorithms. and the best thing is "the interview questions (Algorithms)". He also teaches the questions (Algorithms) that will be asked in Interviews.
Lectures are outstanding, professor is the inspiring to every student
Data Structures and Algorithms Using C++ Sept  24 - Dec  3  2011, UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA professor's lecture along with lecture material was very informative and helpful.  the home work assignments were edifying. As a full time worker it was too hard to keep up with increasingly rapid pace of class. Class should be +2 months longer.
One of my friend suggested that I should take Jag's class. Actually I will be graduate this semester and this class is not in my study plan, so I audit it. I really like his class right now. He makes everything so easy for us and explains codes clearly.
Sir your helping us in every aspect.i'm  very interested in listening to your lecture
He is the best professor ASU ever had. He keeps the standard of first year english class, whill maintaining easiness. He is very helpful for international students.
very nice teacher.
Professor Neilson was an inspiration as well as an amazing tutor. He is very knowledgeable and well respected in the maritime industry.
I will say she is great professor. Much material is covered at a brisk pace. If you ask for help outside of class, you will receive it. Review your notes, they do make sense when examined at your own pace rather than the quick pace in class.
Professor Goloubeva is a tough professor, but if you work hard, you can definitely make it through. You can speak to her outside of class, and she is willing to help you if you're struggling.
All over, jag is a very good professor..with his exceptional teaching skills in verilog and FPGA. And his ability to convey about the subject is very good.
The way he teached was very practical, however I needed more time to digest codes to me. Overall, he is the one of best instructor ever have.
Good knowledge of the subject. The best part is he explains every topic with examples. 
Excellent Professor.One of the Kind. Highly recommend.
Sir is very polite, also he has good knowledge
Professor Vasudevmurthy is very knowledgeable and skilled. He delivers amazing lectures and covers interview challenging questions. I learned a lot   from his classes. I wish to take more classes from him.
his real world experience is his USP. His material and pin pointed examples directed at industry related problems make his class a must attend .Things would be better is Dr.Jagadeesh encourages more classroom participation and short tests just to keep concepts fresh.
Good man! Just has a lot on his plate. Always answers your questions(over mail). Has vast knowledge of Mobile computing and Big data concepts. Concentrates on concepts and making you understand those few ones he feels important. Coursework is well maintained. Best course material on planet Earth. However, you got to learn mostly by yourself.
I attended "Digital Logic Design Using Verilog" on  summer 2012 at UCSC extension in Silicon Valley, CA.  Professor Vasudevamurthy taught not only the Verilog language but also the principal behind it. He liked to use simple examples to show some very smart design ideas. It is the most interesting class I have ever attended.
One of the most experienced professors at NPU. Has a clear understanding about the subject and help student to gain the same. His homework are challenging and coding are all accordance to industry standard. A must take class to gain clear understanding in Algorithms.   Note- Before taking his class make sure your fundamentals are clear.
He is an excellent professor and he has different style of teaching than other professor. I took his class and was very helpful and practicalities well setup.
GOOD PROFESSOR
He is an awesome professor, he can teach clearly and he will interact well with students . 
Prof Royce was very effective in teaching this course. He has an absolute mastery of the subject and a fantastic ability to communicate it. He has an extensive research background and loves sharing his experiences with students. He also engages students outside of class competing in local sailing events.
very sportive professor
Professor Jag knows the area of FPGA very deeply and is a passionate instructor. I'd recommand students who want to learn FPGA seriously, take his class.
Vasudevamurthy is by far the Best Professor of NPU he is very specific of what he is teaching and it is more oriented towards the Interview preparation for us, he lets us know what you can expect in an Interview for a Software Engineering positions.
Prof. Jagadeesh is an outstanding teacher and has vast knowledge on Digital Logic Design, Automation, FPGA, and Verilog HDL. His teaching style has proved to be very effective; he always delivers his lectures with full preparation and Energy. I would really recommend  this course to anyone who wants to uplift his or her EE engineering career.
Dr. Vasudevamurthy teach the digital design with Verilog in UCSS extension. The class is very useful and helpful. He shows the knowledge to bridge the academic and industry. I am new to this filed and did learn quite a lot. Thanks!
Excellent professor. His classes are amazing . He encourages all students and is very friendly.
She is very intense.
Professor Ben is very sweet person and he cares for you. He just want to make sure you learn something rather just getting higher grade, which is very good for MBA students. He has sense of humor almost every class he crack a joke and encourage others to laugh and smile and enjoy the life. It was fun learning and I wish he continues this way.
Very good professor
conducts very interactive sessions
Good intentions, but he's very disorganized and can be hard to find after class. Grades very harshly.
very knowledgeable and willing to help students. good teacher
He is good professor with lot of real time knowledge... He explains each and every topic in deepth...
I am Proud of the Proffessor
Not only good professor, good mentor extraordinary teaching skills  and good reasoning ability also he have.
Nice guy.
He takes a lot of pride in his preparation for each lecture. Even though this class covered advanced data structures, he even taught me a few features of C++ that I never seen before in my introduction to C++ classes I took before. In addition, he made sure to use the previous data structure classes to build the new ones which impressed me a lot!
Full energy and high level of experience in teaching and its a easy environment to enjoy the class.
I took the C++ Comprehensive class. Jag can help you understand difficult concepts by explaining step-by-step. He is energetic and gets the class involved and active participation. He also teaches you the correct way of programming that apply to professional work and interview questions. I definitely recommend taking Jag's C++ class.
Good professor for a average student
HE IS VERY GOOD AT THE SAME TIME FOLLOWS THE RULES.
Jay is a very good professor. I have taken his c++ and algorithm. His can explain the complex notations in simple words for us to understand. Since we only have 10 sessions office and too many materials, he gave us one extra session  for free.
Royce's class is good fun but he teaches propellors and they are quite difficult. Good lecturer though.
EE520 - Advanced FPGA Design and Implementations (summer 2014)
The professor is tough on grammar, but the class is relatively easy if you put in the time expected for assignments such as essays.
lectures poor and dosent teach with full knowledge
He is a good professor !
Honest and well educated
This professor has a great knowledge about the subject he teaches and he teaches everything deep from his heart, he is very dedicated towards the class and explains every thing in depth..
Mr. Vasudevamurthy has very good knowledge on the subject and always work very hard to transfer his knowledge to his students.
One of the best instructors.  His teaching style is very practical and hands-on.  He provides excellent examples and design techniques to make concepts easier to understand.  He has a vast knowledge of the field and connects course material to real world situations, which makes attending his class very worthwhile.
By listening his lecture i got intrest to study, and it is very helpful in feature, and he teaches all interview questions. 
Working on board with software is very helpful to get job in EE oriented field.     Thank u
I had taken the Spring Quarter class:Data Structures and Algorithms Using C++, with Prof. Vasudevamurthy. He is one of the most amazing teachers who makes the most complex parts of the course simple, fun, very relevant, with lots of real world examples. You will come out of the course thinking: I finally get it.
Best Professor so far in my life. The way he animates any algorithm defines his depth in the subject. It seems teaching is his passion and he teaches with his heart out.
I took Data Structures and Algorithms Using C++ in Fall 2013 at UCSC. I would say he is a very good teacher. He amazingly teaches the core concepts and you may avoid pitfalls in your code. His course was a challenging one to me as I had no background in C++, but was interesting and overall a great learning experience for me.
I learned so many cool facts from him and encourage anyone from ANY major to take his class. He'll make you rethink your major. He has the a best teaching ability and one of the best professor i ever met.
It is simple, because he is the best professor in NPU !
This man is a genius and hilarious in the classroom. His tests applied chemistry to real-life scenarios
He is a good professor with lot of practical approach and teaches what is actually required in industry.
he is so kind and simple professor who cover all important topics .
He is very excellent profeser
good professor, teaching skills are really nice and i would take him again in my next semester.
Have you rebooted? Then let us reimage your computer so you can lose all your work. We didn't change anything last night. (How could we; we never do anything, anyway.) So you'd better reboot soon unless you want to be reimaged.
Makes class very exciting and ultimately enjoyable.
Give students good knowledge, and a proper assignment which nourish the student's skills. There assignment is of good level and homework too. Help Student in their project work and also help them with solutions when they stuck. Professor handouts is also well defined.
well i improved my knowledge on entire verilog from the shadows of my professor ,his teaching is entirely practical and he creates an environment which is very interesting and i love to sit in his lecture  and moreover his friendliness is very much helpful to feel free in asking any type of doubts relted to whole verilog
Teaches basic programming languages to the best details.
This was a very clear class on FPGA hardware.  Increases  understanding of how the FPGA is designed. The notes will be very useful to have for future use outside of just academic use.  The teaching methodology requires that the student becomes part of the design process, and it brings the architecture to a level that is very understandable.
Prof Goulobeva's math classes are the most terrifying and rewarding classes I have ever taken. Homework is assigned very frequently, participation in class is a must, and tests and quizzes are challenging. While her English isn't always the clearest and she moves very fast in class, her learn-or-die approach will ensure you'll learn calculus.
She is awesome and very intelligent person.
prof. Jagadeesh Vasudevamurthy is awesome! .teaching style is different from other professor
Prof. Werner is one of the best professors at Webb. He can teach a wide variety of courses, and does well with everything he teaches. His lectures are always perfectly clear. He is an engaging professor who really knows how to keep students interested.
. Professor Jagadeesh is very knowledgable in Digital Design and he has a passion for teaching.The  reference book, which the professor himself authored is of very high quality in content and structure. The course covers design  of flip flops to microprocessors and i'd recommend the course to any one who wants to learn digital design
All the class were clear and were explained as briefly as they could be explained has good handouts which gives more information and exercises  to practice.
He animates the problems, hence easier to understand the  prolem
he is flexible, friendly.
He is very knowledgible person and his teachings are very clear. We doesn't even have to follow any text book. Any student who can attend his classes regularly can pass with top grades.
C++ Programming, Comprehensive June 24-Aug 26 UCSC extension in Silicon Valley Jag cares about turning out quality C++ coders who should never have a memory leak.  He is examples exhaustively covered the subject while be effienct.  His homeworks were fun learning experiences.The class taugh me to be a better OOP programer what launguage I choose.
Just alrite !
Excellent way of teaching
A tough grader, but very charismatic and easy to listen to in lectures. He is very helpful overall, and makes the class feel worthwhile.
EE520 - Advanced FPGA Design and Implementations (summer 2014). The way of explanation give by prof is excellent, he uses all the real time live examples in order to covey the subject to a student. I think that was the best part in him and that's the reason he deserves rating of 10/10.
Can be very boring, but can also be a very effective professor. Try to get past the nose hair.
Professor Goloubeva is an excellent teacher. Her teaching style is nontraditional, but learning the material is as easy as ever.
It's my honor to learn this subject from this kind of very talented professor. He has put lots of effort to make valuable materials . He teaches theory of FPGA  (Field Programming Gate Array) along with tutorials. Finally , I can say this is one of the best professor for FPGA .
He is so inspirational tutor and if you concentrate on his notes than it is very helpful for future. Most importantly he thinks of students first and works very hard for giving information to students.
He teaches everything in the course point to point that would help in our future career regarding technical.
Excellent professor. Knows what he is talking about and teaches it very well.
He is one of the best professor in npu. He is very enthusiastic to teach student. Must attend his class. He has deep knowledge in Algorithm.
Great technical knowledge which helps us in future implementation..
VERY HELPFUL,KNOWLEDGEABLE PROFESSOR.
Excellent teaching skills. Professor's vast knowledge of the subject helps a lot. Materials used in the class are easy to understand.
In this competitive world of Electronics, Professor  Jagadeesh Vasudevamurthy , lectures, assignments, projects are very useful to get knowledge, to stimulate skills, to think innovative, to get a job, and to excel in the F. P. G. A. branch of Electronics.
He used to be my teacher 6 years ago, and he is certainly the best teacher in my life. I will never forget about the words he told me about life. he is awesome!
He is a great professor that not just help us learn staff not just for study textbook but also learn to grow and imply in our lives. Humorous teaching style and passionate for his class.
The best in NPU
Student can learn basic data structures and variety type of sorting algorithms and so on. At the end of the day student can learn a wide range of algorithms. All of those helpful for freshers to clear technical round for an fresher for entry level jobs.
Knowledgeable of electronic engineering field and wonderful personality
Learn with easy and be techie.
all-around good guy.... Ships are neat!
Very good course . Helps student build strong fundamentals owing to the course material and the professor's teaching style. In sync with current industry trends . Highly recommend the course.
lots of homework to do
excellent professor
great professor. he knows a lot about computer hardware and logic design. gives weekly homework and teaches with enthusiasm and is very knowledgeable and approachable. probably one of the best engineering professors at this university.
Mr. Kang is very organized and given us step by step instructions. Easy class.
Prof Neilson is amazing
very helpful to our career.
Good human
excellent professor with subject on hands and freindly natured to students
outstanding lectures  Class goes with runtime examples .
According to myself the professor is very good , he teaches well understandable and he explains everything in the class itself , but the main drawback for him was the graders who are not grading the marks accodring to the work done. They are grading based on the particular identity (specially grading more marks for the close friends). Professor 
I learned a lot from his lectures.His teaching Level are pretty good to understand.
well prepared for each class and clear explanation.  the material is very practical and useful for fpga if you knows verilog and digital design.  deeply discussion about the xilinx fpga architecture.  highly recommended.
An excellent, clear, and interesting professor. Being the type of student who has a tendency to zone out or fall asleep in class, I've never had a problem paying attention in his class. He's very sarcastic, and he's always cracking jokes. Also: as a Webb alum he definitely understands how things work here. Totally one of my favorite profs.
He is very good professor who tell you all about Digital design ,Verilog and FPGA implementation in his course it is very beneficial to all EE students i strongly believe he is good professor.
Jag knows the subject well. He taught the class with great energy and enthusiasm which made it easier for the students to be involved and learn.
was the best prof at Webb by a frickin mile...sorry to see him go
Hello Professor, thanks for providing oppurtunity to rate your teaching. Your the best professor til now i met in my life the way you teach from your heart i cannot forgot it. I will try to take your other courses again in coming semester. Thank you sir!   "Your the MR. PERFECT PROFFESSOR"...
keeps everyone involved in the subjects
I have taken both his C++&&algorithm classes. IMO he is the best lecturer teaching computer science courses. He always has a great passion&& talent to make sure students understand the knowledge. His lecture is crystal clear and very interesting. It is a pity he does not teach other CS courses like OS. Otherwise, I will definitely take them too.
good
He is an outstanding teacher, sometimes seems like born for teaching. He will go to great lengths to make sure you understand. His only drawback was there was minimal feedback on assignments. But when the intent is to understand the subject, &quot;this is the person you need to approach&quot;
C++ Programming June 24 - Aug 26  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA
Best professor of university. He is a guru of cloud computing and mobile computing as well. If you really wanna learn technologies go for him.
I WAS FULLY STISFIED BYT HE WAY HE TAKE CLASSES AND CLEAR EACH PICTURE ABOUT EACH AND EVERY TOPIC
nice teacher easy to past, highly recommend.
Professor Werner is an awesome guy as well as an amazing instructor. He is extremely knowledgeable and is always willing to help if you're having trouble.
So inteligente he has all the problem's solutions . If u don't have any idea about this subject still you will get enough knowledge about this subject because this professor will give you basic knowledge and his teaching style is awesome
C++ Programming, Comprehensive June 24 - Aug 26  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA
Very ridiculous professor. Don't know how to grade. For the first I came across such a woeful professor. I'd suggest not to take his classes.
Outstanding Professor! His style of teaching is very unique and easily understandable. He sure has a passion for teaching which is clearly demonstrated in class. To all his prospective students, you made the right choice. This professor is undoubtedly the best and one should attend his class at least once in a life time.
Very important Subject and the perfect professor teaching it. Core fundamentals easy explanations. High attention required but what you learn is more than worth it.
Vasudevmurthy is very passionate teacher. He loves teaching. His concepts are very clear. He gives real life examples to make subject more adoptable. One of the best class I have ever taken.
Professor Jag has a very good teaching method. He didn?t lower a standard of the subject, but rather to make it easy to understand. He allowed students enough time to complete 5 projects. I focus and exciting in very his lectures.
He have very good and wide knowledge for subjects.
Data Structures and Algorithms Using C++, UCSD extension, Sep-Dec 2012. Prof. Jag is extremely enthusiastic and the class is really fun. You won't fall asleep in this class! Jag loves the subject and he really wants the students to learn. Class covers algorithms well, and is also a good review of C++.
Professor Goloubeva is one of my favorite professors at Webb. She is always available for extra-help and takes her time outside of class to patiently explain anything you might not understand. Homework is due every class, but if you take your time to actually do the homework properly, you will learn a lot.
The class is fantastic.The professor taught the class from the entry level, and he gave a lot of references to students. The lectures are very practical.The textbook is a little hard for students to  read by themselves,but professor made an easy way for students to understand the class.After class,students can understand the class comprehensively.
His way of teaching data structure is outstanding. If he is going to take another advance data structure course, I will love to join that course as well.
very good proffessor
Excellent professor. Very easy to understand and very helpful.
He teach good and make students to learn subject well.
Jagadeesh is a wonderful professor. One can get a very solid foundation on the subject from his lecture. He is really energetic and makes the class interesting. I really enjoyed his C++ class. I would definitely recommend him.
Proff is simply Awesome....
Has its own library built in java makes to code easier.
Its very usefull class and professor is really good.
He is very good at teaching .Excellent professor
He is one of the best Professor in the college. He makes things interesting to learn and assignments are there to make us think harder.
Dr. Vasudevamurthy was one of the most energetic instructors I have seen. He really enjoys teaching. He knows the digital design all around and is an expert on the topic. If you want to learn digital design and Verilog, he is the teacher you need. I recommend his classes highly.
Mr. Miller is the best
He is one of the Best Professors at NPU. one of my friend suggested me to take his class. he gives importance on making concepts clear..not just like conventional theory classes. his lectures ware more based on field applications and examples that?s really nice and interesting and more inter-active.i am looking forward to take his classes.
Dr. Jagadeesh Is a one in a kind professor. The class couldn't be better. I just really enjoy his energy, passion, attitude and knowledge. I wish all the professors were as good as he is. Thank you Jag and keep it going the same way.
If you go and talk to him he'll be helpful. Just read the guide and it'll be good.
Good class and good Knoweldge
The class is tough, but the professor is a lot of help, and is very willing to work with students to ensure their success.
He is very good and kindness professor, Even after I left school, i would send him email sometimes.
Digital design using Verilog Jan 22 2011 to April 2 20111,  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA. He is a good professor, who makes the basic concepts clear. Provides with real time examples that makes learning easy. Makes the class interactive. Encourages questions & makes us understand.
Professor works really hard to make sure students understands the lecture.
His lectures are always amazing and anxious.
Good to be in your class .I hope it will be usefull to me in future
She has no patience at all. DO NOT TAKE.
Professor is very good in detail explanation. Throughout the course, i enjoyed the lecture discussion, ideas to prepare for technical interview, most important is google interview question.  Thank you Professor!
Digital Logic Design Using Verilog Summer 2012 UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA. Dr. Vasudevamurthy is very knowledgeable of the topics from both industry and academic points of view. His own lecture materials are full of examples and exercises. He teaches not only the knowledge itself but also how to solve the problems.
Outstanding teacher passionate about the success of his students. Every minute of the Data Structures/Algorithms with  C++ class was packed with information from a professor who knows what is valuable and how to teach it very well. I came away with new tools, improved problem solving skills,and some surprising insights into C++ Best practices.
Great professor ... very knowledgeable , funny and easy :D
Outstanding Professor. Easy to understand the classes.
Knows how to reboot, can also reimage.
you cant understand her.
The Professor always provides valuable advice and assignments which are very useful for students' future career path!
The basic concepts taught in simple way. Content is taught in very easy way.
Funny and entertaining. Very helpful and interested in his students.
Knows his stuff. Is very clear in presenting it. Quizzes are tough, but do-able.
People either like this teacher or dislike her greatly. Her accent is thick and the way she teaches concepts is quite confusing. I felt confident about my math skills until I met her. Good Luck!
This professor is nice and he has very strong top manager experience.
Prof Goloubeva requires effort to pass. This course moves extremely quickly and attendance is a must. Material is covered in depth with mandatory homework every class period. Professor Goloubeva is available every day after class and will work with you until you understand the subject matter. Great Professor overall.
He is most friendly, and I think if he some less homework it's more better
One of the best professors in the school, liked by almost every student, reasonable, stern but understanding. He will make you work for your grade, but you'll understand the material better than you thought.
Strict but knowledgeable teacher. He really makes students work hard, but in the end its good for students only.
Java library written by him makes home works more professional.
One of the best prof. in NPU. Has strong research strenth and charming presentation ability.
This Professor is knowledgeable and really knows hows to teach. He is helpful not only in his subjects but gives real life examples, which I really enjoyed learning from him.
I took Professor Jag's class, DS and Algorithms, Fall 2013. Prof Jag is an extremely funny and engaging. He shares his passion for computer science with his students. He is an experienced teacher, and provides relevant examples on complex topics. Professor Jag makes every effort to ensure that his students fully understand all the material
He knows only the Array Programs in java always he discuss that one
Very nice learning experience. Really he is a wonderful teacher. i recommend this , before going to attend interview  you must select this class for getting more experience in data structures using c++.
Professor Wiggins can be monotonous in class, but the material is well conveyed. The COGAS project is pretty cool, but involves some work. Applied thermodynamics is pretty cool and quite relevant to marine applications.
I have taken Data Structure & Algorithms in C++ from Sep 24-Dec1 2012 in UCSC Silicon Valley. I have never thought Data Structures are so easy before attending his class. He is not only knowledgable but also knows how to teach to everyone. I really learnt & enjoyed every minute of the class. Thanks for sharing your knowledge Sir!
He skips the basics to go straight to the "frontier" of the field, as he calls it. He explains things like you already know the subject, and doesn't make it clear at all. Half of the class time is the students attempting to solve problems that he only talked about vaguely for 10 minutes. There's no written exams; he has an oral final and midterm.
He's a very nice teacher. One of the best teachers I took at this College. Definitely recommend.
Professor Jagdeesh Vasudevamurthy is extremely talented and excellent in teaching. His course material is very helpful. He has the ability to teach very complicated concepts in a simple manner that is difficult to forget. I strongly recommend this professor.
Sir is too good and very intelligent
HE IS A VERY GOOD PROFESSOR AND KNOWS WELL ABOUT SUBJECT
Excellent
FPGA
Prof. Vasudevamurthy was teaching Logic Design Using Verilog at USC-Extension and his experience at Mentor Graphics was very valuable when looking at what the code would synthesize to. Also, he have very good examples of code in practice
He is one of the valuable professor, His lectures also very interesting.
His powerpoints are very helpful both during class and in review. Tough but fair grader on homework. His failing sense of humor is hilarious.
He is very good professor, he knows he subject very well. But he is not a good teacher, there is no passion and it is not fun to be in the class. He gives you hard time, make you work grade you low during the study, at the end gives you good grade. That's his style.
Best Notes and explanation
Hi! I took class &quot;Data structures and algorithms using C++&quot; at UCSC extension in Silicon Valley. I enjoyed this class a lot and it was very usefull for me. Professor Jagadeesh Vasudevamurthy has the gift of teaching.
Hi I have taken his class SUMMER 2016   FPGA  He is a good professor with lot of knowledge and he teaches us dedicatedly and goes deep in to the subject and makes us understand by Practical examples  I learned how the board works and how to write a code for heartbeat and also for other displaying numbers .  I like him a lot Thanking you sir
One best professors... He is a best friend to all the students. The way he teaches makes everyone to spend more time in his class .. Inspires with the stories and atlast of his classevery student will bag confidence. No doubt he is the best professor after Mariam ghazivini, The dean
amazing class
I never seen proffesors like you. You are our inspiration what you said in class is help ful to our interview and moreover it is very useful to gaining knowledge. Thank you so much .
He's so excited that he takes off at 100 mph and we're all left in the dust wondering what just happened
Very enthusiastic!
Very set in his teaching pattern. Cannot handle a stray from the norm. Monotonous and boring. Did not pique my interest.
Terrific course!! Prof. Jag is very helpful and patient.
in retrospect, a really fantastic prof. Very tough, giving a very rigorous course, but i'd be lying if i said I didnt learn an incredible amount from her. Expect loads of homework, and tough tests, though.
Her teaching is nigh incomprehensible, she is disorganized and generally not accesible or helpful
Excellent.
Excellent and extremely helpful.
Outstanding Professor. Very practical and easy to understand.
This woman is a national treasure.
Professor Werner is the most engaging professor I have had. He presents his lectures with humor but direction. The result is the large amounts of learning taken in without being put to sleep. I can say Werner has made me excited about topics that I otherwise would have loathed. He also challenges you with high expectations.
He is very good,knowledgable person.
Systematics procedure in labs, assigments
The content for this course was very lengthy. But professor put so many example programs to teach the concepts clearly within the short period. Even amateur students also can understand the vague concepts in a simple way by his lecture. I recommend this professor for basic and deep understanding of c++ concepts
Prof. Onas is very passionate about teaching, but can be very confusing. Nevertheless he is always willing to re-explain anything that you did not understand in class. His homework assignments will take you a long time to complete, as will his tests.
He knows what he's talking about, he's passionate, and he wants you to learn from the class.
If you really wants to  learn something in this subject then take this professor.
I came across this prof in this SEM, in my 18 yrs of education, I never experienced such kind of practical teacher. Everything he tries to do is not only for the sake of top rank students, but for average and dull students. Explains everything by giving real time examples. He shows 3 types of methods to solve old, book & Real time Industrial
He sure loves his thermo!!! (That's three exclamation points by the way).
Dr. V is a wonderful teacher.I took Digital Design using Verilog,at UCSC ext.Pleasantly surprised by his enthusiasm and dedication to Digital Design and the class.Dont take his courses if you want easy A, if you dont have time/interest for the subject.Do take his course if you desire a thorough understanding and keen insight in the subject
he has best teaching methods
Professor Harris is a great guy and can really hold a good conversation. He is a great resource for editing papers and can always help with research.
He is excellent professor
good professor nice class I recommand to other students
He is really passionate about what he teaches and takes the time to explain things well.
After last lecture, I compared other professor material and also discussed with other student and finally I can say that my prof. gives me unbreakable knowledge And Finally, I remember all lecture and knowledge given By Dr. J. Vasudevamurthy And I am sure in the future I definitely get JOB and start my career in FPGA. A++ 101 out 100. TNX
he is friendly with students and encourage them in doing projects .
He is very tough prof.
She is very demanding but is always happy to help.
Prof Gallagher truly cares about your education. He is tough, but always willing to help. I feel comfortable stopping by his office anytime.
Digital design using Verilog Jan 22 2011 to April 2 20111,  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA.  Made the subject extremely easy, clear to understand and apply the concepts learned at the class room at work place.  I highly recommend Dr. Vasudevamurthy.
Incredibly informative class! I took this class just to get a general understanding of what data structures was all about and ended up getting a lot of very useful information. Thank you!
The best professor i have ever met.
Good knowledge about algorithms.
professor with extreme talent
I won't take his class again
Professor is very kind and his way of teaching is very fantastic and for a day at least he tells 1 or more interview questions which are frequently asked and the environment he creates in the class is simply superb he always starts from the beginning of the basics which is very useful in our future life and he is always friendly with us
excellent...
Mr Vasudevamurthy is one of the finest sirs in northwestern polytechnic univesity. He is not the simple whiteboard,marker and project sir instead he takes it up as a challenge to convince 70 students in the class which algoritthm is the best and most efficient for a particular case. He is quite practical and shows whats the scenario of the IT world
He teaches with clear it and has a good sense of humor
Data Structures and Algorithms Using C++ Sept  24 - Dec  3  2011, UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA. Really helpful and have tonnes of experience to teach well. Great class and i am so happy i took this class.
one of the most valuable professors in my MBA program. I should take more of his class before my graduation.
He is easy going prof, and it would be very easy for any layman to learn about the finances and very helpful in investments.
C++, UCSD extension, summer 2012.  Prof. Jag uses wonderful small examples to show why each feature of c++ is needed. Especially good on classes, inheritance, virtual methods. Assignments were fun, but mostly covered the early part of the course.  Jag is enthusiastic and fun in class -- always well-prepared and totally on top of the material.
By taking his course i learned many thing, i am really thankful for him. Every student should take his class.
He is a great lecturer,making students more interest on the subject .his class is not a boring class
Nice teacher.
he is the great professor with good  algorithming skills.
His lecturers are soo helpful, and he teaches well not only a subject but also about future. Good experienced and talented professor.
I like this Verilog FPGA that has taught by Dr. Jagadeesh Vasudevamurthy so much.It?s a thrill after a long process of hard working ,went through all troubles on each step and looking forward to see the message  &quot;Synthesize - XST&quot;completed successfully, into &quot; Generate Programming File&quot; completed successfully and program is running on  BOARD .
Exceptional lecturer, hilarious in class, and a great teacher in general. Fairly tough class es though.
One of the best professors at NPU. I had the opportunity to take his Java and Internet application course. He made us really strong with the fundamentals of object oriented programming concepts. I would recommend his course to any student.
The best
Prof. Goloubeva's class can be daunting and hard to follow at times, but she is always there to clarify any issues. Her grading is rough but fair. There is no doubt you will leave this class with a clear understanding of the course material.
very usefull class
I only took the Thermodynamics class online since I was studying abroad. He was very accepting of the scheduling differences and was quick to respond when I had a question. His lectures are very clear and easy to follow. You will leave his class with a good understanding of the material.
Excellent prof.
He's really pretty great
Good professor, helps outside the classroom as necessary. Tests are sometimes challenging and frequent homework helps compound the material learned.
The best professor and advisor
He is Very Good Proffessor
Great lecturer encourages in class discussion.
Professor is one of the best in FPGA field, i am happy that i took his class.
He test the student knowledge before starting the course and then decides where to start. Taught interesting topics in the subject I like the way he explains the logics in the subject. The aims the arrow to it's perfect destination.
He is the best professor we have. I highly recommend taking this course taught by him, for those who have no or little programming knowledge, especially electrically engineering students.  For this class no programming knowledge is necessary. He teaches everything from scratch(in fact he spoon feeds every concept of basic programming).
The class was tough, but the professor is very willing to tutor students who need extra help outside of class.
Lab activities are the best to learn many things,professor helps you to get into subject.
EXCELLENT TEACHING ,
best ever professor in my entire masters
He wont't teach for his salary, he teaches for students future.
Has lots of industry experience and shares it in the classroom. Tough grader who makes you focus on format. If it's not good enough to had to a future employer he will take off points. Really cares about the students and ensuring that they learn the material.
She is very good professor, very tough, casual at a time, straight shooter. Because she is tough, some students has different opinion on her, but if you want to learn she is a good friend. She like you to think debate and learn. She likes comments and conversation at class. Very good person and professor.
This teacher is one of the best professors at the school, expect to work hard.
Good professor his teaching skill are good.
Teaching style and accent take some getting used to, but once you can understand her, she's a great professor. She's great one-on-one and is more than willing to help when you can't understand something. She talks and works quickly so you will learn a lot of material, but be ready for lots of homework.
BEST PROFESSOR
Great Professor. He teaches the class deep from his heart ,so that every student understand and learn the subject thoroughly.
He is the Dean of Business and he knows what students needs are and he nails it clearly. Easy fun and very knowledgeable.
I can proudly say that he is a good professor because he can teach from a very basic level to an extra-ordinary high level things. Professor not only teaches about the subject he will how to create ideas and how to think on that ideas . To my view this professor is awesome
Very good course ! Helps student build strong fundamentals owing to the course material and the professor's teaching style. In sync with current industry trends . Highly recommend the course
Teaching skills are excellent, everyone can understand easily
Excellent and one of the best professor
C++ Programming, Comprehensive June 24 - Aug 26  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA. He makes sure no one is left behind. Very interesting examples.  The class helped me understand C++ concepts. He is a very good teacher. I recommend his class if you want to learn C++ and enjoy it as well.
I like this Verilog FPGA that has taught by Dr. Jagadeesh Vasudevamurthy so much. I am a full time engineer; I struggled with each homework assignment because I don?t have much time to work on it. Since I am really like the course and it is relevant to work.  With help from instructor in classroom lectures, his handouts, examples and guidance.  
Awesome dedication and passion towards subject. For CS501 - Advanced Structured Programming and Algorithms (summer 2014).
Very practical.
Teaching  is very good and easily understand to students . Moreover, we get many new things to learn in  class and  also get extra knowledge about subject.
The lectures are helpful,clear .Got basics and  good knowledge of subject. 
C++ Programming, Comprehensive June 24 - Aug 26  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA.  Excellent instructor.  Very clear in the way he presents a problem and then leads up to how the problem can be solved in C++.  Very proficient in demonstrating the beauty/power of the language.
Very very good teaching I like the way he teaches.
This professor is very generous to assist students to live better and learn more. He always helps us to run the recreation mgt. events .
he is good professor
good lecturere with excellent subject and helping nature
He is really passionate about teaching & has really a solid understanding of his subjects because of which he teaches really well.
DBA Mastero
Outstanding professor . I like his dedication, passion for teaching and his unique way of explaining concepts and problem solving skills. The class is very interesting,  clear and easy to understand.
the professor is good
Provides very nice examples and a set of industry standard libraries and practical design techniques. Very hands-on way of teaching
Brfore taking FPGA class i don't know how to write Verilog programs because of Dr. Vasudevamurthy today i know how to write programs. His teaching skills are extrodinary. I enjoyed his lectures the way he is explaining is really awesome. I strongly recommand him for Digital design and FPGA. I can assure every one crack interviews by his lectures.TY
Professor 's way of teaching is very clear and understandable for new learners. He explained each algorithm with real time example and also help in interview questions which is been asked during the job interview
BEST TILL DATE
C++ Programming, Comprehensive June 24 - Aug 26  UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA C++ is challenge but if you take this class you will have the basics of  C++ by the end. The instructor's knowledge of the intricacies of the language are invaluable. This course is an excellent introduction to Data structures.
He is a Dynamic Professor. He is just perfect Professor for my C++ Class subject matter. He goes out of his way to make the concept clear to the students. He explains with good examples, that makes the subject matter very clear. He repeats his lecture if students want. He is never in a Hurry to complete the syllabus and get ride of his work. THANX
I dropped the class
HE TEACHES REAL-TIME EXAMPLES IN LECTURES
He is very knowledgeable and experienced professor in FPGA. He gives his best effort to clear all the fundamental as well as advance topics in FPGA. No matters how many times you ask questions to him, he always try to explain it using relevant example that makes it easily to understand.
Worthy the money paid. Excellent for job interview.
Very passionate in his teaching.  I strongly recommend this class to anyone who wants to expose to professional C++ programming for real life problems.
Smart and fun, but strict. Expects a lot. Respected among students. Awesome professor.
Great professor 
Dr. Henry, If you are such a great professor why you do not teach in a better university where majority is citizen? Students at NPU are all 100% internationals who are making barely ends meet, working after school. Those who get A from him are well-off students who do not work anywhere and get money from their mommies. Shame on you both!
Absolutely fantastic. Unique teaching style that is very effective. there is no doubt that you will learn during this course. Will stay late to answer any question. Genuinely concerned about her students understanding the material.
Best math teacher I have ever had. She is very difficult but you know the material inside and out when you are done.
First of all it's really a huge privilege for me to study under his presence. Generally, the algorithms subject is  a very complex one as it comprise an ample of problems regarding the coding point of view. But his way of teaching really made me easy to learn and grab the concepts . Especially his examples are really a huge beneficia forinterview
Amazing Lectures
very good professor but little hard to impress him
he is very good proff and easy to understand his classes
He's funny,he alwas give a lot information to us.Great teacher!
Great teacher, stanford Alumni
Professor Dr. Vasudevamurthy is one of the best professors i have ever had. The intention of the professor is what impresses me. He doesn't mind repeating a topic again and again and again till we get the concept. It's very hard to find professors who are this much dedicated and caring to explain. He made FPFA much easier and interesting.
The course really helped me a lot. Professor made good point. I am grateful.
Very passionate about the subject material. Very clear and helpful instructor.
Professor Goloubeva is a very nice lady, but that does not stop her from pushing every student to the breaking point. This is one instructor that will ensure you know all the required material for the course and is more than willing to help you get there.
The way the professor teaches algorithms is amazing. He is very inspirational. He is so passionate and the way he teaches each and every topic with an example is amazing. He is an awesome professor and every student can learn algorithms in a simple way possible.
No comments!!!
NJG rules,
Hands down the best professor I've ever had.
Very Knowledgeable . And explain with pratical implementation.
Best skills, if you really want to take knowledge then he is always help you also he replies to your all queries at any time. Basic as well industrial knowledge.
Teacher provides a lot of useful question for interview
Know your comma rules! Good research and effort will go a long way with Prof Harris. The required reading is reasonable.
he is into more practical exercies
He is an excellent instructor -- I took his classes before.
He teaches classes from real time experience which can be useful in work places.
Prof. Jag is very good teacher. I would recommend to everyone who are new to Verilog.
Very intelligent and passionate professor and very well educatd. He loves to teach, so if you don't like to learn, there is love for you from him.
he conducts more practical sessions..
Very knowledgeable about his subject.
Prof. Werner is also Webb's academic dean. He is a great professor who always keeps class entertaining and interesting.
HE IS VERY HELPFUL TO ME WHILE IAM UNABLE TO SOME TOPICS IN THE CLASS
I was one of the student of Prof. Vasudevamurthy who took Verilog HDL & FPGA design courses which helped me build a career in VLSI design.His classes are more of a conversation rather than just a lecture involving student-teacher interaction helping them understand the concepts & at the same time implement them. -ashhhad.mohammed@alcatel-lucent.com
Dr. Jag have a Very good teaching style, and put lots of effort in making the student understand the key concept.
helping nature amazing lectures great guidance
excellent teaching
He is an excellent instructor -- I took his classes before.
He is a great professor who makes the basic concepts clear and has an in depth understanding of the subject at hand.Provides with real time examples that makes learning easy.Makes the class interactive.Encourages doubts & makes us understand till we understand & have it clear in mind.Smart & Joyous.
He is one of the best Professor at the School. He makes things interesting to learn and at the same time, assignments are there to make you think out of the box.
Good teaching, and she is nice.
His midterm is a bit tough, but he will be good at final. I got an" F" for my midterm, but my final got a "B+", so I passed his class.
Really helpful . Give importance on what is being asked in industries that let students survive in an interviews.
He is the best.
Not only good professor. You are our inspiration what you said in class is help full to our interview and moreover it is very useful to gaining knowledge. Thank you so much .
He explains subject internet security  subject as well as problem very nicely step by step and help the us to resolve the lab problems in class. If you need help, he can you provide you good support. Take his classes.
Definitely one of the finest professor in NPU. He is teaching the right stuff which is needed to pass interview. He drives you from basic to depth of algorithms and data structures.
The professor is highly knowledgeable and adopts play way methods for better understanding of algorithms that keep them engaged and interested in the material
good explanation of all algorithms through paper work 
Digital logic design using Verilog: June 18- Aug24 UCSC extension. He is passionate about teaching and shows real interest. Very punctual, gives practical examples, excellent materials.
the class was outstanding
Jag consistently applied the same simple approach to all phases of the class.  That really helped to sink in the concepts.
He has clearly a lot of passion about teaching, and he is able to come up with everyday life analogies to explain the concepts. His course materials are very well prepared and the homework he assigns are extremely useful.
Digital Design 0764, UCSC Ext., winter 2012. Extremely interesting course, taught with passion and dedication. Very helpful material and explanations. Jagadeesh obviously spends a lot of time at home preparing his classes in order to provide an extremely clear sequence of topics for his explanations. Perfectly paced classes too. Thanks Jag!
Professor not only explained the importance of algorithms for a graduate student but the approaches taught in designing an algorithms are fabulous. It gives you an insight of all possible ways in dealing with real time problems. 
well organized very helpful
Good nd great professor .
He will try to help you with your writing, it dependent upon you if you want to listen.
Best Professor. Highly recommended.
Enthusiasm for the subjects he teaches is contagious.
You will learn more than what you know about Data Structure and Algorithm. He boosts up your level of thinking by animating all Structured Programs. By this, he paves the path for you to be distinct.  Learn Core Java well before taking his class  and try to understand how Recursion works, it makes your class easy to understand.  Spring 2016
Vasudeva Murthy sir is truly professional and passionate about his work , His lectures are more into practical approach and he give examples form every topic to make us understand clearly. His assignments are mostly hard to find by google, More of learn and do kind of assignments. I admire his approach towards students  which is very friendly .
He is a great Lecturer , with the lectures made more interesting and fun . Very supportive in terms of the course understanding.
Jag is best at teaching complicated stuff in easy to remember examples. His passion for teaching shows in every lecture. He is an asset to UCSC. He is respected for this talent. Way to go Jag!!!
To be fair. If you do your part as a normal student should do, he is not tough at all. To whom rating him badly, it is probably you never study, and not willing to spend time on the course. I would recommend his classes to who has strong self-motivation and actually wanting to learn stuff. Be prepare to do some reading and googling. :)
he is the only one who can teach in our school. he is fantastic.i don't care which course he is teaching i just track him and listen the class.
good and friendly professor  explains well every topic is understandable
Great teacher with a lot of energy! We like him just like that he loves his students...
I like this professor so much, he does't push us, just encourage us to learn, he is passionate and good at teaching, every class I could learn many things even related to work. 
Professor's way of teaching is excellent with real time examples, the way professor teach will easily understand .He had 25+ years of experiance in teaching,motivation is good .
This course is very helpful for interview and professor Is giving enough effort to prepare students for interviews.
He is very amazing very talented professor.
He is a good prof of humanities. The classes are full of background information on the assigned readings.
The most uncooperative professor and very hard, not recommended his class
I like this professor.
Excellent course
This course is very useful I would recommend to take this course .
Teaching style takes a little getting used to, but soon enough you pick up on it. Better be prepared to work hard, but in the long run you learn a lot!
I've taken this course-- Digital Logic Design Using Verilog Summer 2012 UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA-- which lays down a solid foundation for basic concepts, ideas of both digital logic design and the Verilog coding. This instructor is very sincere and professinal in teaching. Hence, the end results were very fruitful and effective.
JAG is an expert in C++ and his teachings on subject is phenomenal. must have course if you are thinking of working in C++ and algorithms. 
very clear in whatever he teaches. The best professor I have come across till date.
Very helpful class, extremely informative.
We should clone him.
Awesome Professor!!!Deep Knowledge about Subject and Really Helpful in Practical world.
Great prof. Gives good feedback on papers, especially if you bring the paper in for review prior to the paper's due date.
Ultimate Professor
have very good knowledge and experience.
Don't forget to get this professor. He is awesome.
Best professor i have been with in my 3 semester of study at NPU.
Excellent knowledge
Very good professor. Teaches from heart. He is not one who runs behind money but  teaches from his heart. I tool Data structures and algorithm in c++ class in UCSC. Amazing learning experience.
Very good Knowledge of subject.
Dr. Jag has a lot of experience, and it is very useful to the students.
Lectures are outstanding with motivation skills, professor makes lecture more intresting with practical work.
Awesome
HE HAS GOOD COMMAND IN HIS ALGORITHM SKILLS AND HE DESIRE THE BEST INSTITUTION FOR HIS LECTURES TO SHARE HIS KNOWLEDGE MORE MORE............ I AM VERY THANK FULL TO HIM FOR TEACHING ME GOOD ALGORITHM WITH BETTER ILLUSTRATIONS.
She is good, give detail explanation. If you want to learn programming, you should take her class. You have chances to improve yourself
She knows what she's teaching. I wish she taught Advanced database class as well. Personally I liked the way she taught us data modeling class.
Can give 5 stars out of 5 ... Good professor with good subject knowledge and always helps students
Professor is awesome .his teaching method and skills is very helpful to build your career and knowledge.
Teaches an interesting class, teaches it well
Excellent professor
Highly intelligent, hard work but learned a lot from his classes.
make sure of sending assignments and text book in pdf formate it helps alot for students 
he is very intelligent.
Whole course is conducted systematic manner like labs, assignment, step by step.
Mr Miller is very intelligent in helping me with all my computer issues and needs. He is very helpful
never take this professor
Great Clas
Yup.
Most talented professors in the university.
good knowledge about the subject
Professor Vasudeva murthy has an extra ordinary technical skills, if a student really wanted to know the subject in depth , Vasudeva murthy is the right choice. All the best my frnds.
CLASSES WERE VERY GOOD. GAINED  GOOD KNOWLEDGE IN THE SUBJECT.  I LEARNED HOW TO SOLVE QUESTIONS TECHNICALLY  IN EASY WAY. TOTALLY CLASS WAS GOOD AND IN EFFICIENT WAY
Good teacher, not much to say
Very excellent professor. Knowledgeable and responsible. Understanding and organizing the subject matter well, and teaching effectively. supporting all students in learning the subject matter.
Feeling blessed for having such an awesome professor with a phenominal knowledge ,specially wanted to express about the way he taught the easy examples for the tough problems and simplyfying the things with an extraordinary techniques Thank you sir
Hard but very knowledgeable. Learned a lot from his class. Demeanor commands respect. Knows how to treat his students well even though he gives a lot of work.
He is the most amazing,most wonderful human being ever! Attendance is not mandatory, but go and make him happy for being part of the "Family on the mythic journey to learn". Be honest with him and don't take advantage of his kindness. I have the utmost respect for Dr.Vasudevamurthy. Take his class, for surely, he will never let you down.
He's very engaged with students and responds to student input very well
I took Data structures and algorithms using C++, from Apr 9 2011 to June 18 2011, at UCSC extension in Silicon Valley CA. You should take Prof. Jagadeesh's class at least one time in your lifetime if you have not seen the beauty of C++ language. He is really good at teaching what he loves :)
Vasudevamurthy Professor is very professional and his lectures are amazing and we can easily remember everything as he explains them with lot of real time examples.
The best professor so far in college .I would suggest you to take Him if you want to learn algorithm and through it. An amazing professor! I leave every class inspired and excited to learn more for next .His teaching method is very good and easy to understand.
If you really want to learn industry aligned FPGA  course  this one is for you. Professor is well qualified and has completely practical approach  of FPGA  board development flow. I am glad that I have taken this subject .
Jag is a passionate and dedicated teacher. He brings a lot of energy to the classroom and makes it his mission to have everyone of his students understand the material. His approach gives students a strong sense of understanding of the material and a strong perspective of how code is written in the real world. An exceptional professor.
Mr. Miller has made a huge difference in the IT Department. He's extremely knowledgeable , helpful and easy to contact in case of issues. He has helped many of my classmates and the student body throughout my time at Webb.
Okay professor, but technically we need a English class to be accredited. its pretty much english for engineers, don't expect too much.
Good knowledge of Algorithms.
Prof. Jag is one of the very best and best in the area he teaches. He is expert in the field and his passion for teaching really helps.
he got every thing in his control his intention is to want participation every student.
C++ Programming, Comprehensive: Professor was passionate and wanted to students to learn about computer programming. Professor was also hard to follow at times because he rapidly changed topics. Book was only referenced, and hw came from lecture notes.
Have him for Phys I and Chem
the professor teaches very well. But he stresses more on the basic things like data types and all and as a result because of the few time available in the end, he spends quite little time on the more important concepts like polymorphism. Other than that everything was superb. The money spent on the subject is worth.
The professor's explanation of the subject made it easier for me to understand a very complex topic.
It is useful class, he will help build the foundation
Resourceful
Really good professor and helpful.
he is good teacher he explains every line clearly with examples
I have taken his Algorithms subject, professor jag is very talented and Knowledgeable. He has his own material, it will be very helpful to understand concepts. This subject is very useful.
Passionate, In-depth and a combination of wisdom & knowledge. Hilarious sometimes, witty a lil bit and elaborative when needed. Had fun and learnt a lot.  I wish many students can take and learn basics of Algorithms from him. All the very best Sir and hope you continue teaching for a very long time.
I Really Learned Some Concepts From the professor And Really Admires him For his Energy Levels In His Class....
Take classes of database and Special Topics: Introduction to SAS
It is always good to learn under prof.jags, because his teaching methods are more practical and class rooms are always more lively with his lecture.
professor is very god teaching skill and have more knowledge and very help full nature.
A highly enthusiastic & brilliant instructor. His extreme passion towards teaching brings a lively environment to any class he teaches.
She teaches really well. I would recommend her to someone who is interested to learn database, as the foundation needs to be strong. I wish she had taught advanced database class as well.
Flexible
In my whole career I saw the first teacher with this much understanding of subjects. Sirs animates all the algorithms by hand on the board so the student get know how the actually working of algorithms. As per my experience this is the best teacher of Algorithm.  And most good thing about Sir is he gives a real time interview questions.
Project require to complete this course.
The professor is good in explaining is ideas and thoughts in a clear way to understand for all kinds of students.
professor excellency and his effort to make easy to understand the concepts. thanks you 
good teaching
He is very good and student friendly
Greatttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt Professor to take classes with. He teaches mutliple classes at this school
This course thought basic concepts of c++ and course was very helpful to me.Professor was very passionate and enthusiastic. He made sure students understand important concepts.
I took the Data Structure and Algorithms Using C++ from UCSC extention. It's very informative and I learned a lot. It's not an easy subject, but the instructor is very enthusiastic, gives very useful examples, and makes the class very interesting and enjoyable. Highly recommended.
This Professor is the best professor i have ever seen in my whole educational career.Any one who has no prior knowledge of the subject can also understand his lecture.I have been in his class since last 3 semesters and not even a single class I missed.I love his lectures and he is the best.
I really enjoyed his class. He is really passionate about teaching and he makes sure everybody clearly understands the C++ and object oriented programming concepts. His examples and homweork assignments are really interesting and instructive.
Professsor explains the suject in detail.I am happy that i can understand it clearly.
Excellent Professor in NPU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR TEACHING US SIR!!!
YAY WIGGO CLAUS!!!!
Get you mechanical pencils started! Prof Goloubeva's classes were nonstop math but boy do you cover a lot of material. I learned a bunch about calculus and more importantly how to really crank out homework and study efficiently. Quite a fulfilling course to look back on.
he is good at teaching and assigning  homeworks
Prof. Harris is a really interesting professor. He gives great assignements and grades very fairly.
Overall really enjoyed the class. He gave a solid foundation to verilog and design. He really does take the time to explain things thoroughly and comprehensively. His prepared class notes are good. His book recommendation Verilog HDL by Cavanagh is a great reference that helped with the class and will be a good companion for actual work projects.
Having worked here a long time, he knows what's up. Tough at first, but if you get on his good side you won't have any problem. He's hilarious when he opens up.
really good teacher.  makes sure you understand before moving on.
He has a great knowledge as well as excellent teaching skill. and also provide us with real time practical knowledge that enhance more idea about this subject.
This class is useful to me for clear all my concepts in data structure. He taught  all the concepts in very easy way.
Very excellent professor. Knowledgeable and responsible. Understanding and organizing the subject matter well, and teaching effectively. Engaging, motivating, and supporting all students in learning the subject matter.
This professor's teaching skill is  amazing, its like education with fun, and i would like to take this course again if i have to.
Good Experienced..!!
Very fair grader.
One of the best professor in NPU. Not in terms of grading, but he has put lots of efforts in materials as well as on students,. He designed materials in a such way that any one can easily learn those subject with example. He teaches bottom to top of the subject with lots of tutorials and make assignment for extra practice.
He has great experience from the industry. He transfers this through the introductory class to naval architecture.
Great instructor. His handout materials are extremely clear. I think his handout materials are better than any textbook because they are much easier to understand and including many good examples.I will take his FPGA course in next semester.I also think his teaching method is very practical, gives student good concept about engineering field.
VERY TALENTED PROFESSOR
strict but he knows his stuff. incredibly smart. commands respect.
Excellent demonstration of each algorithm ,pro grammatically and also theoretically. 
One of the finest and best professor's I have ever seen. Gained loads of knowledge, worth taking his course.
HE IS CONCERNED ABOUT STUDENTS
his powerpoints say it all. the man loves his steel, but loves his thermo even more!
Mr Jagdeesh is an exceptional professor with an amazing clarity of concepts with an unprecendented way of the communicating his concepts across to his students. His uncanny ability to grip the attention of students makes him one of the most sought after professors. It has been a priviledge to have learnt something from such an Industry veteran.Best
He is a very good professor and takes his time to make sure you understand. Goes over steps and problems as much as you need!!
Best Professor with great motivational spirit. Guides us to the right feild based on our abilities.
would like to take his class again
I took his one course of FPGA before last semester and he taught every concept in FPGA .He is a great professor.In current semester,I have one course of CE489.he teaches every thing using daily routing example which makes it easy to understand.
The way he teached us very practical, however I needed little time more to digest codes, it's just 10 sessions. Overall, he is the one of best instructor.
best best proffesor........100% best proffesor
He is hilarious!
-
He is very good teacher, i will take his course again, if you stick with him you gonna learn a lot of good stuff.
He's the first professor I met in the campus. Not hard grader.
Excellent job
he is very helpful to the students
good teacher ! nice
he is an outstanding professor....
He is good
Prof Vasudevamurthy has immense knowledge of the subject , his effective and simple methods of teaching can give a boost to ones knowledge .
He knows what you need to know in the field and he makes class enjoyable
Very smart, great teacher. Always accessible after class. Glad I had him as a professor!
No Comment
